any other thinking that it's time to
realize I can also fly but you'll never
really spoke my mind you put me down to
this before my crown
now I - no we finally made it to cloud
nine doing just fine
hey guys so I'm going to be showing you
how to get this hairstyle really fun and
edgy and I really like it so it's great
if you have short hair there's not a lot
of short haired girls can do it their
hair so I hope you guys enjoyed this
tutorial
you can either straighten your hair you
can curl it however you want to do it so
all you're gonna need is to choose your
hair up at the roots and then you just
need bobby pins so you're gonna take the
shorter side as you guys can see this
side is a little bit longer I'm going to
take the shorter side and this is all
teased right here at the root so that
way you have room the way we have volume
and it's not slack I don't like fire so
I don't have a mirror guys I'm gonna
smile if Karen so you want to flip about
from the side here you like your arch up
take your side bangs to the side and you
know style this to the side okay and
then you're going to take this side
piece just like this and you're gonna
kind of twist it going towards this side
and push it up and then you're going to
get a bobby pin
we're gonna kind of lightly twist it you
don't want it tight pull it back pull it
up and just beside the other piece and
do the same you're going to pin that I
like to leave a little bit of hair
covering here because I don't like what
you're showing next you're gonna take
the next section of hair and then again
twist it up really lightly
and then you're gonna take this very
very bottom piece lift twist and and
No